Victoria.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Victoria reed: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Oh, pretty. Did you did you do that that that knitting.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Victoria reed: Make me a little while the back is not that great, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I liked a little, little bits that stick out a little face.
The job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was not intentional.
Victoria reed: I'm
Victoria reed: Gonna not really knowing what to do with that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Well, I like it. I kind of think it gives it like this neat little texture to it. I like that.
Victoria reed: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was in Michaels, the other day and I was like, I looked at the needles all those. And I was like, I have no idea what size and then I walked away.
Victoria reed: Oh, I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know where to start. I had yarn. I was like, gray. I had gray and then I guess it wouldn't get dirty. If I was carrying it everywhere. And then I had to
Victoria reed: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Was like, I have no idea where to start and then they had a hawk, and they had to. I was like, Okay, I gotta wait
Victoria reed: Yeah, the best thing to do is tell them that you're interested in, you know, starting to knit something and they're really helpful.
Victoria reed: They'll help you, like, get the basics.
Victoria reed: Yeah, please ask for help. Yes.
Victoria reed: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go. I tend to go on YouTube and snoop around, you know, like
Yeah.
Victoria reed: Really good idea
Victoria reed: When I started out to. I was like,
Victoria reed: Oh, get you know look everywhere, even the library has, you know, certain thing.
Victoria reed: Knitting books, you can check out
Right. See, getting a note here, open up the last one.
Victoria reed: What was your experience of group this week. What did you notice about yourself. I'm
Victoria reed: I'm speak up more
Victoria reed: I interact more
Victoria reed: I can see that I do that.
Victoria reed: Usually
Victoria reed: I wasn't
Victoria reed: Open about stuff.
Victoria reed: And now I am
Victoria reed: Yes, I do see an improvement.
Victoria reed: In your comfort level and yes not setting. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have your spirit spin. What's your movement like recently.
Victoria reed: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Careful not remember your, your
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, good. It's usually fine.
Victoria reed: So you don't. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can skip that one. Now if you want to
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: For the past couple days. I haven't really
Victoria reed: As the wanting to do anything.
Victoria reed: You know, I just
Yeah.
Victoria reed: doze off or
Victoria reed: Okay. I think it's because
Victoria reed: Lately it's been less sleep. Oh, yeah. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's getting what's getting in the way. Let's find out what's what's going on in their
Victoria reed: Phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: staying up late. What's changed.
Victoria reed: Yeah, I'm staying up later.
Victoria reed: A few days. I don't know what it is.
Victoria reed: Yeah. But Kevin really
Victoria reed: Oh doze off for a little bit and then they'll get back up and
Gwenevere Abriel: What's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your dream life like what kind of dreams.
Victoria reed: Lately I can't remember any dreams.
Victoria reed: Yeah, I guess it's better than
Victoria reed: You know, bad dreams.
Victoria reed: Having any
Gwenevere Abriel: How many hours of sleep over the last few days, you're getting
Victoria reed: Only a few hours of sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so everything's going to be off your moods going to be up
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, maybe a little depressed, you might end up being a little short tempered. I mean, you're, you're gonna win that sleep go sideways, everything starts to just
Victoria reed: Become yes and my stomach, and I woke up with a headache.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know you did. You did really hard work. Last time you met with me, you know,
Mm hmm.
You face something
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty scary.
Yes.
Victoria reed: I don't see no more footprints or nothing.
Victoria reed: Oh, good thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you did you end up sticking some water jugs or something. What do you end up doing.
Victoria reed: Oh I swept the top ground top of the ground and like
Victoria reed: The dirt, it's like really
Victoria reed: Like, and you can see you know what friends and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's right that's after the fact. Yeah, I know you had mentioned that you had some ideas of things to put out
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, as a deterrent, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Do you play with those brainstorm ideas, any further.
Victoria reed: Yes, I did.
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: I put
Victoria reed: aluminum cans out but
Victoria reed: The when kind of
Victoria reed: No, I can't do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alone away.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now just looks like a trashy yard.
Yeah.
Victoria reed: Basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. All right. And what about your concern over that. Does it seem like it's the same escalated.
Victoria reed: I'm down. Same. What better
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Victoria reed: Yeah, it's like I'm not scared. Oh, I was scared. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just to review again in the hub. Yeah, the room that you're staying in do you share it with anyone else. No. Okay. But you're not comfortable talking in there. Is it because people can hear.
Victoria reed: Yes, and the my cousin's kids will open the door. Yeah, cuz they don't really have a lot
Victoria reed: Of what I'm working on getting yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I would love for you to do that because it would give us access to
Gwenevere Abriel: To therapeutic activities. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit more emotion and they can have a pretty profound impact. So we'd love to have have that available for you. So even a sliding bolt lock, you know,
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even getting that done, I might be
Victoria reed: I'm gonna have my Dad, come and
Victoria reed: Help me this weekend. Okay. And he's supposed to put a lock for me.
Victoria reed: Because I yeah too cold to be out here sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes what we can do is if you have a secondary
Gwenevere Abriel: Device or the, I don't know if they make them inexpensive anywhere but keep your eye out for a white noise little sound. What you can do is put that right outside the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's say the chords on the inside. And it's just right outside. No one can sort of mess with it, you'll have it on
Gwenevere Abriel: Then there'll be this sort of white noise and they won't really be able to hear what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, so it's just a thought. I know us therapists use them. We use them outside our door.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if people are walking by, you know, you can't hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah so
Victoria reed: All you really look into that. Because my son.
Victoria reed: My youngest he
Victoria reed: He's into the white noise stuff.
Victoria reed: You know, he told me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, so there's a little app on a phone. But of course, you'll be on your phone. That's why I was wondering if he has his phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could hear people want to hold their phone. So anyway, you work it out. I'm just throwing it out there. A lot of people like you have this app. It's called white noise brown noise, you know, purple, pink, I mean, it's got different names, but it's basically a simple
Victoria reed: Yeah. Matter of fact, he uses the so he can fall asleep, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This way here different sounds. You just hear the one and then you your mind just you stop.
Victoria reed: Here and you go right to sleep. So yeah, that's a great one.
Victoria reed: Yep, yep, I think, Oh, good.
Victoria reed: Haven't helped me update that computer and I'll get on on that and then
Victoria reed: Oh yeah, this phone for that thing. The white noise. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, you tell me, do you want to kind of stay sort of light today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've done a lot of the preparation work I'm, I'm, I'm happy to go any direction that you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you'd like to get out of. Today I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Really certain okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you, you certainly presented today with a lack of motivation. The and you can see that greatly impacted by the sleep and
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I hear you say I know I'm not as worried. Right. Well, I haven't heard you say it, you answer my questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me try a different direction. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about most days my preoccupies your mind.
Move.
Victoria reed: Most days it would be
Victoria reed: Probably my health. Okay, um,
Victoria reed: I had to go for Monday.
Victoria reed: I ended up having to go to my foot doctor
Victoria reed: Um, he pulled the know off and send it for biopsy. So, oh my God, let her know bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Victoria reed: I felt everything
Victoria reed: No. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you not ah oh
Victoria reed: My gosh, yeah.
Victoria reed: I told him you are so lucky. I like you.
Gwenevere Abriel: to punch you.
Victoria reed: Yes, oh my gosh, almost kicked him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't even do a local anesthetic.
Victoria reed: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't help.
No.
Victoria reed: But God it over with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, you have an amazing tolerance for pain. I gotta tell you that's
Victoria reed: Like it at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but you didn't pass out.
No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your concerns with your health. So
I'm
Victoria reed: I try my hardest, you know, to
Victoria reed: Eat better
Victoria reed: And
Victoria reed: Sometimes I just like wake up with a custom
Victoria reed: Feels like maybe my health and doing that. Great.
Victoria reed: Still, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you learn so far about things that have helped with sort of the diabetes piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also in general gut health. What have you learned
Huh.
Victoria reed: I think the problem I'm having one my spell make, you know, because I have a user as it
Victoria reed: Is because lately my sleep thing is that
Victoria reed: Yeah. Feels like I don't have a lot of time in the day.
Victoria reed: And I know that's just my
Victoria reed: No sleep thing or
Victoria reed: I guess sleep but not enough.
Victoria reed: And I could really use, you know, the
Victoria reed: The normal amount of sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So walk me through last night.
What were you doing
Victoria reed: I'm
Victoria reed: Store.
Victoria reed: Go back, close the gate.
Victoria reed: And put the dogs out
Victoria reed: Played with them for a little while. When we got back in
Victoria reed: Then I made sure they had the their water and a little snack.
Victoria reed: Yeah, give them a little snack before bed time cuz I noticed, though.
Victoria reed: The little dogs her stomach seemed like it was kind of empty it was growing
Victoria reed: Okay, and then I
Victoria reed: Got them situated and off to sleep.
Victoria reed: And I
Victoria reed: I sat down to watch TV, and I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: On TVs in your bedroom, you're laying in bed and he goes off or somewhere else in
Victoria reed: The living room.
Okay.
Victoria reed: And then
Victoria reed: I woke up and I went, it was like
Victoria reed: sleepy at all.
Victoria reed: After that,
Gwenevere Abriel: How long do you think you don't stop.
Victoria reed: Oh good CATnap about
Victoria reed: I'd say about 10 minutes. Okay. Yeah.
Victoria reed: I don't know, for some reason, I just couldn't help it. I just
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What time was
Victoria reed: Though
Victoria reed: Well,
Victoria reed: 3434 something like that and
Victoria reed: And I ended up after that I woke up.
Victoria reed: And I couldn't sleep those like
Victoria reed: There was one there was two to 30 yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that we need to incorporate maybe some muscle relaxation never done that, when you're trying to sleep.
Victoria reed: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Victoria reed: That would be something to try, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we'll just add that to the
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears really give me a hard time this morning we'll get that to the list of things to do. So there are just an endless number of ways to do it.
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little bit together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we and and what's neat about something like this is
Victoria reed: Actually
Gwenevere Abriel: I use it for a specific distress. So why don't you think of something that is a little concerning maybe it's something that's going on. It's the current trigger in your life. Or maybe it's some fear about how something in the future will turn out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's a negative pin and about someone or yourself or
Gwenevere Abriel: Just allow your body not at 100 which is still a little bit, maybe a 30% right to be a little activated. If that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll start this relaxation by
Gwenevere Abriel: First
Gwenevere Abriel: Having this breath that comes in, always going to
The
Gwenevere Abriel: As a place to start imagining that as you have this inhale breath that it's like a balloon that's expanding into your belly is that balloon or that that bottom of your long is
Gwenevere Abriel: The balloon that is expanding on your inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing to practice that very important
Gwenevere Abriel: Parasympathetic down regulation activity. We really want to keep keep honing that skill of re breathing into our belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just focus there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then picture in your mind a carefree image.
Gwenevere Abriel: real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in yourself there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are your carefree not caring for others honoring to take care of anyone not worry about anyone just unburdened
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'd like you to imagine just the perfect temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: Not too hot, not too cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have it move
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of almost saturating more washing over you somehow this temperature moving
Gwenevere Abriel: From your feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, for some people it's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of wash of
Gwenevere Abriel: Having each part of the body is you scan through it experience this perfect temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll do that together and then we'll do another progressive muscle relaxation and then you'll kind of can have a choice of at least two that you can kind of move through to see which one
Gwenevere Abriel: Works for you at different times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start with this temperature. I want you to really focus on those shows and it gotten a fair amount of attention recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But our mind is going to focus it will tune out 90% of everything else. And we'll just be at those toes and they are at that temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them feel it as it moves to the balls of the feet and the arches and
Gwenevere Abriel: To the heels.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the Achilles tendon calves to your shins.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving to the thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: The front, the back
Gwenevere Abriel: Chest just the right temperature. Maybe you'll notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Tingling or other shifts or changes and just be a compassionate witness of what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just witnessing
Gwenevere Abriel: As it moves to the hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the seat bones and tush that meet the seat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect temperature moving up that lower back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that temperature also go into the viscera got all the guts down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up the back and of course now diaphragm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not forget the hands
Gwenevere Abriel: Let them be the perfect temperature just try
Gwenevere Abriel: Fingers and palms of your hands and moving up
Gwenevere Abriel: Risks and arms and it meets that sort of middle ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right where your lungs are your, your biceps and lungs and how now it's moving all the way up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the temperature is it connects with voice and
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you swallow.
Gwenevere Abriel: The back of the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the chin and
Gwenevere Abriel: Job.
Gwenevere Abriel: At temperature washing through and over
Gwenevere Abriel: Just straight and then to the lips and tongue and into the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the nose into the years
Gwenevere Abriel: To the orbit of the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: nasal passage and
For
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving up
Gwenevere Abriel: The forehead to the skull to her hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Covers the skull and then
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: anything's left charged in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Charge it could be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like twitching.
Gwenevere Abriel: An energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: A sinking feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Many, many messages that go on the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of state will go into the alternative, although you could certainly combine them as we are now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like you to this time, the same way you did this sort of temperature wash
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to tense. The muscles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of each body part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving up your body and then all the way back down.
Gwenevere Abriel: For at least let's say we'll do it for five seconds. Let's start with those toes as much as you can just sort of scrunch them up.
Gwenevere Abriel: 54321 and let's scrunch up those feet either arch them up or maybe scrunch them as a pointy toe, whatever works in those shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Flex those calves really tightening them up tight, tight, tight, tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's really flex those needs. If you can, if you can't, then let's just go right to the because you're in a car go to the biceps. See if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of leader lift those lights or tighten them if you were laying in a bed. This might be a little easier just sort of tighten those quadriceps. That's the top of your thighs. Right. Those are your legs front part
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to get a cramp. So I'm not gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to give you the back of the one and then see if we can squeeze those little buttons back there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want it now. Yeah. Gas struck me miss the buns.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then see if we can kind of maybe arch the lower back just a little bit. Have some. Okay, there it is a little bit more kind of hold that middle back. See if you can tense, the middle
Gwenevere Abriel: The top
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look those shoulders, take, take, take, take, take really commentate 321 let them go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's squeeze those hands we squeeze, squeeze, squeeze, squeeze,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's do this really tighten up those forearms, see if he can just do do this as if you were maybe holding something up or just really tight, tight, tight and form and then relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: And biceps. Oh, as if it were lifting something really heavy. I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe tilt the head, the right
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to tighten it but just sort of tilt it to the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: rolling it towards the front
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own range of motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way over to the left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's open that mouth really wide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stretch it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if we're yawning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's lift those eyebrows, nice and high who
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's go back down. Let's look those eyebrows, nice and high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mouth open wide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's tilt that head to the left to roll it forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way to the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's lift those shoulders nice and tight scrunch them up scratched the scratch crunch and drop
Type biceps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull it in tight pull those arms uptight, nice, nice and tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let them go.
Gwenevere Abriel: The forearms. You might just kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, I kind of opened my palms flat. I can get them tight by Archie my my wrist back
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And work your way down that back to sort of pull those shoulder blades back. Oh, take a decade, decade ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have that awareness come down the spine. However, maybe you want to just lift straight stretching out, that's fine, but you're activating it you're aware of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Progressively moving down the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can sort of arch that lower back to just say hey we're flexing you guys back there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then squeeze the glutes gluteus maximus, the buttons.
Gwenevere Abriel: To push
And relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calves
Gwenevere Abriel: This time let's flex that he'll bring sort of that 90 degree angle. Let's flex that he'll
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's end with crunching the toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then a nice exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: And just notice if your mind wandered or if you're able to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: On the muscle relaxation
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that progressive one right
Gwenevere Abriel: With the tension that's a pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: damn fun for people is that as you tighten it and relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Used to work your way all the way up the body because it takes time may take about 10 minutes or five depends on helmet. How long you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're doing so might mean that you may feel sleepy and go to sleep. And so it would be great if that would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might do that one first and then do the temperature, one for some people they have this sort of, you know, they haven't had any trauma history with water. They picture this warm water kind of coming over them if they have an waters, a really bad idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I never know what people's history is
Victoria reed: Like I've been here.
Gwenevere Abriel: A list temperature, we can say, Okay, what's the perfect temperature and kind of have that awareness, kind of like, Oh, I can feel it coming over to spreading over the skull coming down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this perfect temperature moving all the way through. And that might be a nice way to end it would be moving with a muscle relaxation and muscle tension relax all the way up and down the body and then and then this this temperature one
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you be interested in giving that a try. Maybe when you're trying to go to sleep. Right, it's time for bed.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: You're ready to go to bed, maybe done some reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe TV might not be
Victoria reed: Yeah, I
Victoria reed: Think I had to
Victoria reed: Cut that out. Yeah.
Victoria reed: TV before I go to bed. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not be ideal that screen time can kind of activate us instead of make us tired. I think reading might be, what do you, what do you have this like what do you have nearby.
Victoria reed: I have
Victoria reed: A Bible, my son gave me
Victoria reed: Um,
That's
Victoria reed: About it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like reading
Victoria reed: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could it be something you would enjoy
Gwenevere Abriel: To go to a library to pick one up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That could be a task you could set from
Victoria reed: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, okay, I need to do this. It's some maybe there's something if you don't want to do fiction. I rather none nonfiction. Maybe there's something you want to learn about
Gwenevere Abriel: Was anything with learning right it, it helps the brain from shrinking that happens about age 30
Starts
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything. And so if you have something you're interested in learning about that can be kind of cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right it'll really work focused on now and not something else. And it'll exhaust because that's a huge piece of
Gwenevere Abriel: Our energy glucose use our brain. I believe it or not huge part of energy consumption and caloric use is our brain, so you get that working
Gwenevere Abriel: To get tired, which would be good. So getting those couple things are trying
Victoria reed: To share. Well, yeah.
Victoria reed: All right, not down
Victoria reed: So I don't forget.
Victoria reed: That's good ideas.
Victoria reed: I am definitely going to try that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: On the topic of cravings and interpersonal dynamics how things are going with your on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom and things like that, you know, kind of, how are those things. How are those relationships.
Victoria reed: Was my mom, um,
Victoria reed: She
Victoria reed: Pretty much will you know, start
Victoria reed: texting me, she'll text me from Facebook app to text me from her phone. And then if you know I'm busy. I'm won't really answer her, you know, I'll tell her all text or back when I'm done.
Victoria reed: And then she'll start shall wait a few and start
Victoria reed: Calling me every like every few minutes and
Victoria reed: I just all turn my phone on silent.
Victoria reed: Or
Victoria reed: I'll just turn it off for a little while.
Victoria reed: After I figure after I tell her you know that I'm
Victoria reed: Busy I'm driving or something. Yeah, that's like
Victoria reed: Oh no, about
Victoria reed: What to think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do what do you when she does disregards your request.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Your emotion.
Victoria reed: I'm
Victoria reed: Frustration.
Victoria reed: Yeah. Yeah, because I'll be doing something
Victoria reed: And I was thinking, would this you have like a jacking device.
Victoria reed: You know, like know when I'm driving or something. So start blowing up my phone as my son says, you know, start blowing up my phone and
Victoria reed: But I don't answer one on driving. Yeah, that's something I won't do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mean a lot of progress and saying that boundary with her.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as I warn everyone just because you set the boundary doesn't mean people see it. So they're going to exactly they'll continue to behave the same way. You just have to keep setting it and setting it and setting and setting it and setting and
Setting it and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're worth it protecting that emotional space for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that doesn't mean that it doesn't have an impact on you and you know you can sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: share a little bit about what the system like to have her continue to do this. I don't, I don't know how that affects you to tell me how, how does that affect you, that she continues to call him, and I've asked her not to
Victoria reed: Frustration, it does, it gives me frustrated, then
Victoria reed: I remember you know the techniques to breathing that helps me, it really does that help me a great deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know one of your emotions that you're you don't express much as anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is frustration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of close
Victoria reed: Yes.
Victoria reed: It really is. Yeah.
Victoria reed: I see frustration more, you know,
Victoria reed: I take anger.
Victoria reed: More like frustration. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, it's, it's probably going to show up as the word frustration.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you tell me what would happen if you expressed
Gwenevere Abriel: Your anger or frustration with your mom, what, what would happen.
Victoria reed: To that wounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what would happen. What would she do, what would you do
Victoria reed: I'm to start telling everybody calling my aunts and everyone
Victoria reed: Wounded her
Victoria reed: Yeah, pretty much. That's what she does.
Victoria reed: They're mad at me for no reason. So I just
Victoria reed: I ignore that. Yeah, I tell them you don't know the whole story well
Victoria reed: Don't assume stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm. Am I correct. Are you I'm isolating just a little bit over the last week. You've been pulling back from contact with people. Are you making plans.
Victoria reed: When I find it, and I'm like the ones to, you know,
Victoria reed: cry too. Yeah.
Victoria reed: Um,
Victoria reed: And then I distance myself from her as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm getting like
Victoria reed: Yeah, that helps. It really does. When I distance myself from that situation. Now, I know I have
Victoria reed: The balls to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But right now.
Victoria reed: I would feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I'm testing is last week. This kind of encouragement to reach out to maybe Cindy or ray
Victoria reed: Did you do. Did you
Victoria reed: Do did
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me about what that was like what you guys do which talk about how'd you feel talking with her.
Victoria reed: We went to the park. I picked her up. We went to the park and talking you know about our grandmas and, you know, just being caught up is pretty good.
Victoria reed: Yeah, you probably use it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do reach out to her. Yeah, me too.
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me, why not, I'm your uncle right
Victoria reed: Yes, we talk. Okay. It is um
Victoria reed: Sometimes
Victoria reed: I get that little thing there where I don't really want to bug him too much. Well, he tells me you know he doesn't mean anytime. He's always available to talk or he always lets me know that. And on that note, as well.
Victoria reed: What
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you afraid about reaching out to your uncle, what's your, what's your fear. What's your concern.
Victoria reed: I don't want to bug him you know like
Victoria reed: impose on him if he's busy, but I know
Victoria reed: In reality, if he's busy. He will let me know. This is a good time. I'll get back to you. Whenever I'm free. Soon he tell he's told me that before so
Victoria reed: I don't know, I just get doubtful sometimes and I know you know he always loves to hear from me and I love to hear from him.
Victoria reed: He's a great big hill. He gives me pointers and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that
Gwenevere Abriel: This week, maybe or soon. You might feel comfortable reaching out because it's for you, for you to feel
Victoria reed: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the stuff that's going on with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't be the only communication this sort of twisted stuff she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing. You know, I want you to feel connected, much like you did with Cindy, to make sure you're you're getting you're staying in connection with people. It gets risky when we start to isolate
Gwenevere Abriel: That this week, reaching out to your uncle and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still visiting regularly, Peggy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And she she can still talk to you or
Victoria reed: I'm
Victoria reed: After I do you know that one needs to be done here, then I usually go and I'll take like puzzles and games and stuff. And I'll go over there, sit with her for a while and I know I turn my phone off then
Victoria reed: I help
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about um
Gwenevere Abriel: A bigger a grander plan something that you want to do. That's a little long term or anything you want to start to turn your energy to, kind of, you kind of let go of a while back that maybe you feel like maybe a little inspiration be something I want to do.
Victoria reed: Yeah, I wanna
Victoria reed: Go to college.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Victoria reed: I'm gonna get some into something, you know, see what I want to do but college wise. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did we ever write any any goals around that one. I don't think we did
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no I don't, I don't want to put it there. If you're not ready. This is probably the first time that I'm kind of hearing about this.
Victoria reed: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how far into that thought are you
Victoria reed: I'm, um,
Victoria reed: I want to go and talk to them about, you know, like when to enroll what rolling
Victoria reed: Okay. Yeah, pretty much. I want to
Victoria reed: See my often explore my options.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which. What's the school, you're thinking of
Victoria reed: Them.
Victoria reed: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a
Victoria reed: Community College. Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Said are interesting to not to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, is it within driving distance walking distance. Are you thinking online, they may have both.
Victoria reed: Classes have both um
Victoria reed: I would like to, you know, go there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Victoria reed: Yeah, take a bus or drive or whatever.
Victoria reed: So just get out
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's helpful for people to have an actual target date.
Gwenevere Abriel: To make that
Gwenevere Abriel: Make that call or look online, what would be the first step. And when do you think that you might do it.
Victoria reed: Probably the first week of March. Let's see what, no. Well, they could tell me when they have classes starting again and stuff.
Victoria reed: Because I know they already started in January.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you'll it will be a call.
Victoria reed: Yeah, all
Victoria reed: I want to go to the office and talk to
Victoria reed: Them and get a catalog and so okay see what they say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, go to campus and pick up catalog.
Victoria reed: Yeah, and talk to someone, someone in admissions.
Victoria reed: Okay, yeah.
Victoria reed: See what I need to do and what will be, you know, maybe to brush up on though. Yeah. And I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wrote, I want to go to college.
Victoria reed: That's the big goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one step is client will go to the campus pick up a catalog speak with someone in admissions by the first week of March.
Victoria reed: Yes, definitely. That's what I want to do.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's exciting.
Victoria reed: Yes, it is. It's a
Victoria reed: Different page and yeah
Victoria reed: New page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it sort of, I don't know what interests me. I want to just serve a different classes and kind of see what inspires
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, me. Oh, I love it. It's a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that gives you
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't give you much talk, we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got, let's see today, which is February 26 and you have seven February 28. And then, believe it or not. Next week is March 2
On Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you really want to get in there and do it quickly. Don't you
Victoria reed: Yes, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll say sometime will say bye. Would you say march 6 you want to get in there before next Friday.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'd be great. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel free to go into group and brag about it to
Victoria reed: I sure will.
Victoria reed: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what's what might be helpful is I now have a target date haven't written down. And when you start to say, No, I'm not going to do it. You might consider oh one's going to ask me about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I sometimes that motivates like I want to be able to tell her that I went
Victoria reed: Yeah, definitely. I
Victoria reed: Want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I've got it written down in here. So for people that aren't motivated by these kind of things like, I don't care. But other people. They're like, I gotta hurry up and get it done. K. She asks me
Victoria reed: Yes, I want to
Victoria reed: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm excited.
Yeah, I need to
Victoria reed: Have
Gwenevere Abriel: A whole other chapter
Victoria reed: Yes, natural my aunt and my uncle Ray wants me to, you know, to get into something
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be curious about. Hmm.
Victoria reed: Maybe
Victoria reed: I was thinking CNA
Victoria reed: My son told me
Victoria reed: That I should become a chef.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Victoria reed: Yeah, we were looking at all the, you know, the things that
Victoria reed: They teach you and everything.
Victoria reed: Was pretty good. He reads to me all the stuff that the requirements and what they do so.
Victoria reed: I've been talking to him about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's turn our attention to scheduling. Our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think what I'll do is if you want you can tell me. No, I would like to get consent. First, but in group on
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can, I can say it. Generally, I could say, Hey, how's that goal coming along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you can play up or I could say nothing. What would, what would feel helpful.
Victoria reed: That would be very helpful.
Victoria reed: Bring it up. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in a general way or specific
Victoria reed: Just go and ask me, well that's going
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it would sound like this. Hey, Victoria, have you swung by the CNN campus to get the catalog.
Victoria reed: Yes, ask me how that's going okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's meet sometime between March 9 and march 13 and checking to see
Gwenevere Abriel: What we got to do, do, do, how about march 11 which is a Wednesday, it'll feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: This and hopefully by then you may have a lock, you may have worked out this whole space where you're going.
Victoria reed: To
Gwenevere Abriel: In that room and we can really kind of move into whatever is left as far as you know any early trauma, things like that, we can really delve into it together. Okay.
Victoria reed: Okay, yeah, there's. Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to me.
Victoria reed: There was one thing I
Victoria reed: Wanted to talk to you.
Victoria reed: Maybe the next time.
Victoria reed: I had when I was younger I had got, you know, like
Victoria reed: A little Shaka plugging something in
Victoria reed: Yeah. And ever since.
Victoria reed: That is like sometimes I have problems plugging things in because I yet, you know, but I still force myself to do it. Yeah. Gotcha.
Victoria reed: Be bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I get it. I wrote it down, we would definitely need a room to do it though. Yes. You need this, you know, having that right there. And we could do it would be this particular intervention is called somatic experiencing or Snapchats formation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where there would be a discharge of that and there's probably the mechanism of change has to do with there might have been
Gwenevere Abriel: An action that you wanted to do the body wanted to do that is incomplete. So the idea behind it is you just complete it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously there's more to it than that. But let's see if you can put together a lock a system of being able to feel comfortable to talk openly in that space. And then from there, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I got it down for
Gwenevere Abriel: March 11 at eight o'clock.
Victoria reed: Okay, cool.
Victoria reed: Alright, mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Must. There's a lot to do muscle relaxation doing the temperature relaxation, the lock the room and a visit to see it out lots to do,
Victoria reed: Yes, I didn't run it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excited for you and I get to see you soon on Monday.
Victoria reed: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Hi, good morning. Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little video adjustment typically people or
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe that's just because I'm by my window probably let me let me change this.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, very close the blinds, a little bit.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Usually the other way.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, let's see.
Elizabeth Sandoval: A little bit or no.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe I should turn the other way. I don't know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Putting on my chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually it's there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, it's, it's pretty bright
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When is your birthday.
Elizabeth Sandoval: For 1079
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's interesting. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I never noticed what your name is it, son of all baka
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, well, my son of all is my married name.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And boxes my maiden name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't notice it in the record like this before.
And whenever they choose.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's another one in here and they needed to like differentiate them.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay gotta gotta got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me see where we're at here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You checked in virtual clinic already. I'm assuming
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yes, I always like checking the half hour before we know it takes a while to get in there sometimes.
Smart
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't need to do a treatment plan review. So we can do whatever we want to. All right, so you're you're staying steady at 6.5 correct
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. All right. And you're feeling okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you recognize. Yeah, okay.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Elizabeth Sandoval: Still adjusting
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh, I guess it's getting a little better. I still wake up kind of sweaty and make that is what I noticed in my nose has been running a lot
Elizabeth Sandoval: And then I've been kind of like hot and cold, the same time so it's it's it's an awful feeling like hot, but then you can get cold so fast, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Awful.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's awful. I don't like the feeling of it, but I know nobody's pulling it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm just wondering if maybe awful and horrible that term is doing you a disservice. It might be a big word. You see what I'm trying to
Elizabeth Sandoval: Say,
Elizabeth Sandoval: You might be. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if it's like is that
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's bearable.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's bearable it's uncomfortable, but it's bearable. Okay, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Right horrible might be a broken ankle.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You're just discreet the
Elizabeth Sandoval: The word for it. It's a little dramatic, but yeah, I guess it's bearable that it's still uncomfortable, but I mean, the quality and helps
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. And thank goodness for that. The doctors have figured out a way to kind of help people through
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but either way it really sounds like you need to stick with this for another week or two. It sounds like so.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Here you're feeling better.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So talk to me a little bit about let's go in down here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have something that you kind of wanted to talk about you already have something mine.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh no, I mean, I liked our was our manipulative
Elizabeth Sandoval: Live behavior inventory
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um, well, I mean it was cool, because, like, you know, it made me think of maybe how I used to fill and you know more of them were yeses at a time, but that current day. You know, I only had a few yeses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so looking at it here. I've got it up.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Right. Okay, let's see. Yeah, number, number one, um, I put no
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, no. And I put yes was on six
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting you said no to number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. I'm curious. Did you put enough yes to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if I can find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you ever do this one.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Number 2222 I put yes for that one cry, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example of a story.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Before I guess when I was with my husband, like, um, I would be like us, maybe like the kids like they're sick they they need something so he would come, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or I'd be like, we're having a problem here at the house just like it see him, but I know that was wrong.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Let me see you think of something else.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or just before, you know, long time ago. I felt really bad. So I would feel like, you know, I didn't want to be heard. Omar
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I would, you know, tell them I would kill on was going to kill myself sometimes that's not nothing on on a proud of. But it's something I could admit to that I've done in the past.
Well, look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you got to see this on the page and maybe make did you kind of get a sense. Oh, other people do that too.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe I mean I'm sure people do things like that, just for the you know the mind trick.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But yeah, people do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All Elizabeth, it's on this piece of paper. Why do you think I put it on the piece of paper.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, because it's a normal thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because a lot of people do this and do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: How you try with your husband. Everything else to get his attention.
Elizabeth Sandoval: At that point, yeah. I mean, you know, I gave them the ultimatum. Like if you don't change these on leave you
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know you won't be around the kids and your condition. You know, I would give him those type of
Elizabeth Sandoval: Ultimatum. But it didn't like even seem like it Kurt. Kurt at the time, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And he was in active addiction at that point.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because your husband wasn't around
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: More for me. You go die on care more for me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Added care husband wasn't making the decision sciatic was
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was really risky.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Risky and what i mean i mean
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thank God I you know
Elizabeth Sandoval: Changing my mind. But you know what keeps me always going is my kids, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Cuz I'm thinking, what's going to happen to them, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: So never want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You, um, you're talking about suicide. You're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, for it attempts to try to get it has been has since passed away, right.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, when
Gwenevere Abriel: That time he was in active addiction. There was all of this intensity going on. And today, right the way your, your aspects that means how you're expressing it on your face is pretty neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Accurate to how your internal experiences or inaccurate is your face, reflecting what it's like to be you. Or is your face a mask but inside there's turmoil.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean, I might have a mask of times I've learned to become more strong like inside
Elizabeth Sandoval: I pray a lot
Elizabeth Sandoval: So that gives me a lot of strength. But yeah, I probably have a mass, most of the time I'm getting better at it. I mean, as far as like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Showing how I really feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Who can
Elizabeth Sandoval: You guess it's been so long already. I maybe that's why it's it's not so hard anymore. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time is fast and we're talking about the grief right now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah. Okay. And then I was also angry with him, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: So i mean it's it's it's gotten better. I mean,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But yeah, it bothers me at times when like say with my oldest son, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, he misses his dad so
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know I get angry because you know what he's not there for them or, you know, for my kids, that's the only time I get like angry or sad is like when something comes up with the kids where they're having something going on and they might need their dad, you know, but
Elizabeth Sandoval: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who gets to see the real you. Nowadays,
Elizabeth Sandoval: You
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know I'm i mean you know my family. I mean, I've been pretty honest with everybody you know about like what I'm doing.
Elizabeth Sandoval: As far as like my program, you know, everybody's like, well, happy. So before I would hide it. You know, I was so embarrassed. Like, I don't want my parents to know what I'm doing. But now, everybody knows
Gwenevere Abriel: When she saw
Elizabeth Sandoval: I would say like a few weeks after I started the program.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it's been a while. Like, everybody knows, like I have my meetings every, you know, Mondays and Wednesdays, Thursdays, you know, so like I kind of plan my day around that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it's, it's nice. It's I feel free because before I would be like, you know, trying to sweep it under the rug and not be honest but it's I feel better now just being honest with what it is.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And then plus being, I can't. Sorry.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Before I would be like more like just to myself because I didn't want people to know like I'm experiencing like withdrawals or anything like that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So like, now everybody kind of knows when I'll tell my mom look on that I'm going down the medicine. I'm not fully my best. So if I'm a little grumpy. I'm sorry, you know, but I let them know
Heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on the day to day life for you, little things right, day to day pieces of I want to get up at 7:30am three days a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you feeling like good progress poor progress on that terrible progress awesome progress. How are we doing
Elizabeth Sandoval: I'm doing I'm doing good. I get up every morning at 730 and get the kids up for school. Make sure they do what they gotta do. And then, yeah, I think early on, it's been spending time with my brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And yeah. Just doing my things around the house.
Elizabeth Sandoval: For my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you said
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't part of this piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was get up at 733 days a week do yoga and stretching for an hour.
Elizabeth Sandoval: at home or at a student
Elizabeth Sandoval: So a micro step.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down about the yoga class, which I think you did.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah I did do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but getting the kids ready for school before. What were you doing going back to sleep or something.
Elizabeth Sandoval: What's changed. You know, I've always been, I've always gone up. I just didn't do my yoga, like right then, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I usually now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I wait till after they leave, so I don't get it, interrupted or something.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Anytime or after meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times a week you pulling that off.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um, I've done it every day this week so
Elizabeth Sandoval: Wow. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, three times every day this week. And now, how has that changed your day. What does that done for you that you've been doing that yoga. What are you noticing.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Love for us. I'm more like piece. I guess I feel a little more at peace. Okay, um,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, and then just it helps me relax and I feel better after I do it, and then I know I'm, you know, helping my body. So yeah, to keep your right
Gwenevere Abriel: So, did you know that after the age of 30 your brain, aside from one part of it. The hippocampus, the one that was the long term memory that your brain just starts shrinking.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And knowing, knowing that and I've got, I can never remember this word, but sometimes hearing the fancy word can help maybe by the end of the day, I'll have it stored in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are creating the growth protein.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
You're going to find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: neurotrophic factor.
Narrow
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Soldier.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to say no, don't bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture. I don't want my brain to shrink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we need that brain working to log into our hundreds. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just think about it, it's more than just right losing weight. And that's why when people say, oh, I want to lose a few pounds. I'm like, there's a lot more going on and fitting in your favorite jeans. There's your brain shrinking. I mean this is just like we've got to keep in motion.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, okay. So, really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm love that you're exercising. That's great. And this is from a video right
Elizabeth Sandoval: Mm hmm. Yeah. I got, I have Xfinity and they have like free like things that you could do on their programs. So yeah, it's pretty cool.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like you have different ones too. So if you're not always stuck doing the same one, which is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's that positive you did get rid of the papers in in
Center.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe shoes out of there. What, what is what's needed in there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Hasn't been trained ones. I'm sorry. That's the only thing that happened, really, I'm gonna be honest, I haven't messed with
Gwenevere Abriel: YOUR CLOSET you're stuck with
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I mean I hang up my clothes and it's just something. This is my, this is my clothes that I've put aside like to get rid of to donate and stuff. I just don't have them in there, but you're gonna get rid of them send them to donation. So let me ask you something, Elizabeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a your husband's. Is that why there's since mixed feelings.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know what do you know
Holding you back.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I guess going out and doing it. I mean, there's nothing really I just get sidetracked.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, it's like to be like yeah I'm or my kids or Any Store or my mom calls me where I got to see my brother. Something I mean
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just, I guess I haven't felt it as being very important right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on here as a goal. I wonder why it got on here.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I yeah I mean that I guess it was a goal at the time, but it's not really important know
Gwenevere Abriel: What moved up unimportant. What moved up that one went down what's moving up
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, just stuff that I've been spending more time with my brother as much time as I can so
Elizabeth Sandoval: That's I spent a lot of time over there so
Elizabeth Sandoval: I guess that's one of the reasons why I don't want to go through with
Elizabeth Sandoval: My brother, he's he's doing good, he's he's losing more weight seems like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Slowing down
Elizabeth Sandoval: He doesn't like to he hasn't been wanting it like because we before we go eat breakfast and you'd want to go to the casino once in a while, you know, but you don't want to do anything which I understand and
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I know he's really not doing well. My brother is always like on the move. He's always been on the move.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And then like with the hardware you know he's always on. He hasn't been on top of that I'm I helped him make his we start the day and you know this. I know it's
Elizabeth Sandoval: Almost like
Gwenevere Abriel: How the dynamics between your mom and your brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: They've gotten better. They've actually been talking. So, which is good.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And she's been spending more time with him, you know, vice versa. So it's good, it's time. No, they still get like into these little arguments, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I mean, at least they're talking and trying to make things and make time, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I hope they correct it. I mean, my mom sees more happier. You know, like
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, because I know it was really hurting or there. He wasn't rightfully many too much or paying attention to her.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh, it's just been rough
Elizabeth Sandoval: And word
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just said it's getting closer.
You can see some science.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's really scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: So make sure you let your mind just just share whatever's on your mind maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brother. Why don't you just let it all out with me just
Elizabeth Sandoval: One.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Gonna be hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys grew up together did this and that all these stories all this
Elizabeth Sandoval: Is that what you're thinking.
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, no. Just us being together and
Elizabeth Sandoval: I feel bad for like
Elizabeth Sandoval: His grandson. He has one grandson for your gold.
Gwenevere Abriel: therapies for you gotta let it out with somebody, don't ship.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just as you were saying that I i had a thought.
You know, I was thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: I was picturing you sort of going, you know, to this favorite place in the him as or somewhere you know and and video archiving things and having him. Maybe tell some stories on video or or not, but maybe his voice only or
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever works for you, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Box was going in my mind I was thinking, you know, his grandson could get to know
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, we've been working on that they they offer. It was called the legacy thing, you know, if they can do for him. Okay, so I know he, I think he's gonna do that so
I know you're going to miss him.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have learned from with your husband that they don't really leave us that quality stays there that love never ends those memories of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he
Gwenevere Abriel: Think he's hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell. I don't know if he is but
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she want
Gwenevere Abriel: She wanna keep going at it. Keep trying.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think he still wants to keep going because I know like I didn't worry about you. I worry about my kids, you know, I think he's more worried about everybody can sell, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: He doesn't want to like leave us
Elizabeth Sandoval: But you know i thought i mean i don't want him to suffer either is costs a lot worse.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, it's like an AS LONG AS I SAID IT'S IN HIS BONES liberty, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're saying because he doesn't want you guys to be sad.
I think that's what's going on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
something were to happen with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a way to turn
Gwenevere Abriel: toward your children toward your mother towards people in your life, you sound how this family is going to be. Are you guys going to come together, or is there going to be a scattering. Some families, it ends up happening like that.
Like what do you think's gonna
Elizabeth Sandoval: I hope we come together. I mean,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I don't know you might scatter
Elizabeth Sandoval: I hope we stay together. That's my flag like
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I don't know for sure.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's pretty worried about that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's what I'm thinking about. I'm thinking, this can either be an opportunity for deeper connection or everyone can recoil get scared and no one talk but
Gwenevere Abriel: What makes you concern. Let's, let's look at Mom, what makes you concern that might happen around with her that she might stop talking to you even pulling something off even further.
Elizabeth Sandoval: How do I feel about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she. What do you think might happen with her.
Elizabeth Sandoval: She might like.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know. She might probably she might like meet her own time to, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I don't know. I mean, I can't
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: What do you know what's gonna happen.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Elizabeth Sandoval: I want her to become stronger and
Elizabeth Sandoval: Be be around like for
Elizabeth Sandoval: The grandkids and stuff like that. They may my mom, she can get mad and she holds graduation. She will talk to no one like if you hurt your feelings but you know it's not like that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I really don't know. Gordon, what, what will happen. I, I hope it will make our family stronger and come together.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I
Elizabeth Sandoval: Really don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you seen instance for that happens for where you guys have come gotten closer. Is there a history, we have been able to use the family as a refuge as a place
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah yeah yeah actually when when when my when my husband passed away. I had a lot of support from everyone, so okay there, they really either for me or my my oldest cousin. She's nine years older than me. But she's more like my sister.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And I wish, like we were close early like when we used to be when we were younger, but she's married and have like a family and, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's hard to see each other, you know, most every because everybody has their lives, but she gave me a lot of support when my husband white and stuff to my brother was there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Because it happened in Colorado, so I have to like believe here and they took me there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And my cousin, Deb, the one that drove me there that day, my brother, pick me up from there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So let's take some time for like funeral and all that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there.
Elizabeth Sandoval: really hoping
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any way that you could connect sooner to your cousin.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Rather than later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out to her. Just see her. She's doing nothing, no big agenda, just to kind of reach out. Hey, what's up.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, we've actually been talking because before like I mean she goes to see my brother quite a bit too. So I've run into a few times. So I've been talking to her more often. Yeah, but I should spend more time with her so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it may be, it's about
Gwenevere Abriel: Purposely
Gwenevere Abriel: Planning time
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if I were. Let's go back to mom for just a second. She says she's a big player in your life. She's an important person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you didn't have to worry if I'm hurt. You don't have to worry about my anger. I'm not going to hold a grudge. I'm not going to misinterpret you
Gwenevere Abriel: When if I'm her and you were to have a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking to the future, right, because if he's, he's very ill and worst case this he passes away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm your mom and you don't have to worry about me emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can identify what you want from me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I want some support and understanding
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not to be so hard on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, not so hard on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how can
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I show you I'm not being hard on you.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just by listening to me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just let me see what I got to see
Elizabeth Sandoval: You're making it about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I keep doing that. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could just listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that space that pain. I can just hold the space and not
Elizabeth Sandoval: Work to Logan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be nice, right.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I try to close it is like I or believe in my in
Elizabeth Sandoval: My water to hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's probably more like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear all that the only thing I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is get distance from your pain, my pain is almost overwhelming for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing the best I can. What's your pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like mine is just swallowing me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hold yours. I'm so sorry.
I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I would get help. I wish I could lean on on someone else but
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I learned. This is how I learned to cope. I'm doing the best I can. I know I'm not great at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be all there is. I don't know. I don't know what she's capable of
Gwenevere Abriel: But I just wonder if there's a pattern of making a moment about herself. She
Gwenevere Abriel: May not be able to sit with you.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean I don't love you. It doesn't mean that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just not skilled at handling my own distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: You're lucky, you're learning early at a young age as a young woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're learning new skills on how to rely on yourself, reach out to people and take in support and connection and you're connecting again to your spirituality. You're really lucky, you're doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've taken some kind of ugly right this addiction stuff and you're turning it around and you're making it about growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the same. I'm sorry.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Tissue
Gwenevere Abriel: So the space that's left. If you accept what is radically accept my limitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And come towards me anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You come towards me, even though I'm prickly and snarky and I hold grudges.
Gwenevere Abriel: coming towards me, you know, this family. You've been in it for a long time you know the way to get the little morsel of resource love, affection and nurturing, so I have to offer.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is still available to you. What can you do to still feel connected to me but not let me take over.
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you still do and be around me where you don't disappear. For me my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you really see my limitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what that is.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You felt
Elizabeth Sandoval: I felt I felt that was weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty confident concept.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To answer it right away.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I think I'm gonna have to
Elizabeth Sandoval: Marry, like, Meredith, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's think about it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe get a little drawing on on a clean sheet of paper right just sort of draw a picture of a symbol, you know, of your mother. Maybe it's a a heart or maybe it's a cactus.
I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a heart can
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You draw the image of her
Gwenevere Abriel: And really seeing her not asking her to change. Now, right now, right, this is this is a tough time. This is about acceptance. This isn't we're going to go in with all these big behavior request, this is, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is her son.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for all of her fellows.
Elizabeth Sandoval: To be
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't even sit with it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So big, you know, to think that our child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can meet her there in that compassion. Right.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: We do want to be there for the whole for, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you need help, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you look at this image on the page. Maybe off on the left. I want you to picture what you may be drawing a little image of you, you can get from her even from her whatever that images.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you can give to her to put don't try and change her. She is
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's the radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe someday, whatever, but not on the stage today we accept
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what she's capable of. I can get that from her no judgment. This isn't enough. Nope. Not today. It's just
Elizabeth Sandoval: What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be little things I can get little emojis or I can get little texts from her. I can get quick little conversations about the weather.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That goes for example. And what I can give to her. I can give to her little messages I can check in once a day, or every week and say,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Hey, just see how you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing um let's let's make some some chilies this weekend or you know whatever it is just kind of labeling it I can continue to give and receive love. If I accept her for what she is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still there. It doesn't have to be right, this big separation.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't get it dry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up with something right
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, I put like a remove
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just like I just needed to be open, you know, open minded and
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been here before. Really listen to the words I'm using this has been this way for months, listen to what you say listen closely this
Gwenevere Abriel: I listen this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the opposite of what I've just asked. This is you, you months ago and just now. Mom, I need you to be open, so I can go back to school, you recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: When I go get help. I need
Gwenevere Abriel: You to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be different. What I asked for today is radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: don't draw rainbow if she's not a rainbow new page accept her for what she is. You have a right
Gwenevere Abriel: Not waiting for her to change.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Can we
Can't wait.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Up the chain.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to see her honey for who she is. That's why I said a little cactus and your
Elizabeth Sandoval: Broker
Gwenevere Abriel: She was this is what you have been saying you didn't an anchor room. You did it in there. I need her to be open so that I can
Gwenevere Abriel: So that I can. I need her to do this thing. Then I can well
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life is on hold. What about your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what radical acceptance is we say
Gwenevere Abriel: I accept you.
Gwenevere Abriel: For who you are because guess what it feels so good to be given that to be given Radek I'm acceptable just the way I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how good that feels too. I, I was addicted. I did some messed up things. Maybe I did I was focused on myself. Not my kids. So my family. I did go on a blah and I'm still lovable, that is radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put her on that page. Draw what is not this image of a mom you want, but what she is.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Can I do this for homework because it's going to need
Elizabeth Sandoval: Time to really like
Elizabeth Sandoval: It and put it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, this is big.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Elizabeth Sandoval: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you had done that pattern that popped up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wishful thinking. Notice that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yes, this is
Gwenevere Abriel: I need her to be open. She's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Lover anyway.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Do I do
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to, you can just set those boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we get to also accept her for who she is and for today. She might just not be capable of throwing her arms around you and reassuring, you and I am sorry I wish that was the case but wishing it is holding you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, homework.
Gwenevere Abriel: And art assignment so
Gwenevere Abriel: Over on the right is who she is. That's don't try and lie to yourself, none of that. I wish she was just drawing her over on the left, you can either draw a picture or write out the things that you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Get from her that will be taken in as love, a love language. What is the agreed language. I will take this in from my mom. She always makes a big fuss about my birthday. She always makes a nice fuss about a particular meal. I'll take that in love. I will go in that way you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you will do to show her
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't look like a Hallmark card. Who cares. Nobody really has those anyway, so don't worry about it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Live in reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you got your homework.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: We're looking probably march 9 13
Elizabeth Sandoval: Be looking like
Gwenevere Abriel: I use a pencil for a reason. So I'm going to scribble in 9am on March 11 see if you've already got something going on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh yeah no I don't want my name.
Gwenevere Abriel: On March 11 it's a Wednesday.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel free. You can either bring it up and grow up. If you're comfortable you can send me a picture of your, of your image, we can wait till individual therapy, whatever works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all interesting to me one thing. It's all relevant. Oh, I never thought about it. Again, it's also relevant now. Then there's this I don't look at that kind of experience or whatever your truth is it's all acceptable. There's no wrong way to do any of this. Okay.
Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thank you. Today was a hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't think it would be
I needed.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It. I feel better. I need to work that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to message. Dr. All them in any medication scripts needed
Elizabeth Sandoval: No good till Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. Then I will see you then.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay, so you then have a good day. Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Bye.